“If you work hard enough and assert yourself, and use your mind and imagination, you can shape the world to your desires.” – Malcolm Gladwell
 “Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.” – Winston Churchill
“Learning is the only thing the mind never exhausts, never fears, and never regrets.” – Leonardo da Vinci.
“I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.” – Thomas Jefferson
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.” – Henry Ford
“Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will spend its whole life believing that it is stupid.” – Albert Einstein
“What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.” – Oscar Wilde
“Success isn’t overnight. It’s when every day you get a little better than the day before. It all adds up.” – Dwayne Johnson
“Success doesn’t come to you, you go to it.” – Marva Collins 
“Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.” – Thomas Edison
 “Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it.” – Stephen Hawking
“I don’t measure a man’s success by how high he climbs, but how high he bounces when he hits the bottom.” – George S. Patton
“One of the most common causes of failure is quitting when one is overtaken by temporary defeat.” – Napoleon Hill
“You cannot swim for new horizons until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.” – William Faulkner
“You don’t learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and falling over.” – Richard Branson
“If you’re going through hell, keep going.” – Winston Churchill
“Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are going or learning to do. ” – Edson Arantes do Nascimento – Pelé
“All happiness depends on courage and work.” – Honoré de Balzac
“Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish” – John Quincy Adams
“Procrastination makes easy things hard, hard things harder.” – Mason Cooley
“There are no traffic jams on the extra mile.” – Zig Ziglar
“I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.” – Michael Jordan
“If people only knew how hard I’ve worked to gain my mastery, it wouldn’t seem so wonderful at all.” – Michelangelo
“There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.” – General Colin Powell
“The secret of success is to do the common things uncommonly well.” – John D. Rockefeller
“There is no substitute for hard work.” – Thomas Edison
“When we are no longer able to change a situation we are challenged to change ourselves.” – Viktor Frankl
“Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.” – Winston Churchill
“The purpose of our lives is to be happy.” – Dalai Lama
“The best way to predict your future is to create it.” – Abraham Lincoln
“However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at.” – Stephen Hawking
“You may encounter many defeats but you must not be defeated. In fact, it may be necessary to encounter the defeats, so you can know who you are, what you can rise from, how you can still come out of it.” – Maya Angelou
“There are two kinds of people in this world: those who want to get things done and those who don’t want to make mistakes.” – John Maxwell
“Procrastination is like a credit card: it’s a lot of fun until you get the bill.” – Christopher Parker
“Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction.” – John F. Kennedy
“Studying whether there’s life on Mars or studying how the universe began, there’s something magical about pushing back the frontiers of knowledge. That’s something that is almost part of being human, and I’m certain that will continue.” – Sally Ride
“The journey is the reward.” – Chinese Proverb
“I believe that God has put gifts and talents and ability on the inside of every one of us. When you develop that and you believe in yourself and you believe that you’re a person of influence and a person of purpose, I believe you can rise up out of any situation. – Joel Osteen
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.” – Maria Robinson
“If your dreams don’t scare you, they aren’t big enough.” – Muhammad Ali

“The people who are crazy enough to believe they can change the world are the ones who do.” – Steve Jobs
“No profit grows where is no pleasure ta’en. In brief, sir, study what you most affect.” – William Shakespeare”
“You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.” – Margaret Thatcher
“Procrastination is the thief of time.” – Edward Young
“Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got to keep going.” – Chantal Sutherland
“The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.” – Bruce Lee
“People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy.” – Tony Robbins
“Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable.” – Theodore N. Vail
“By perseverance, the snail reached the ark.” – Charles Spurgeon

